docs: use-link-status as a subtle hint (#83104)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/01-getting-started/04-linking-and-navigating.mdx

On slow or unstable networks, prefetching may not finish before the user clicks a link. This can affect both static and dynamic routes. In these cases, the `loading.js` fallback may not appear immediately because it hasn't been prefetched yet.

> To improve perceived performance, you can use the [`useLinkStatus` hook](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-link-status) to add subtle, inline confirmation while the transition is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve perceived performance, you can use the [`useLinkStatus` hook](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-link-status) to show immediate feedback while the transition is in progress.
```
I'm definitely in favor of dropping the mention of spinners as a potential use case, but I liked the mention of showing feedback as the intended use of this hook.

export default function LoadingIndicator() {
  const { pending } = useLinkStatus()
  return (
    <span aria-hidden className={`link-hint ${pending ? 'is-pending' : ''}`} />
  )
}
```

> You can "debounce" the hint by adding an initial animation delay (e.g. 100ms) and starting as invisible (e.g. `opacity: 0`). This means the loading indicator will only be shown if the navigation takes longer than the specified delay. See the [`useLinkStatus` reference](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-link-status#gracefully-handling-fast-navigation) for a CSS example.

Author: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-link-status#gracefully-handling-fast-navigation

> You can "debounce" the hint by adding an initial animation delay (e.g. 100ms) and starting as invisible (e.g. `opacity: 0`). This means the loading indicator will only be shown if the navigation takes longer than the specified delay. See the [`useLinkStatus` reference](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-link-status#gracefully-handling-fast-navigation) for a CSS example.

Reviewer: imo the term "loading indicator" in this line still sounds more like a spinner than a shimmer effect or a background color change
